rename aad to EID and remove OSM (#111)
Azure/AKS-Landing-Zone-Accelerator: Scenarios/AKS-Secure-Baseline-PrivateCluster/Bicep/02-eid.md

   > * [Contributor role](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#contributor) is _required_ at the subscription level to have the ability to create resource groups and perform deployments.
   > * [User Access Administrator role](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#user-access-administrator) is _required_ at the subscription level since you'll be performing role assignments to managed identities across various resource groups.

> 1. **This step only applies if you are creating a new Microsoft Entra group for this deployment. If you have one already existing and you are a part of it, you can skip this prerequisite, and the remaining steps in this page, move on to the next page by clicking on the link at the bottom**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **This step only applies if you are creating a new Microsoft Entra group for this deployment. If you have one already existing and you are a part of it, you can skip this prerequisite, and the remaining steps in this page, move on to the next page by clicking on the link at the bottom**.
```

>    An Microsoft Entra ID tenant to associate your Kubernetes RBAC Cluster API authentication to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A Microsoft Entra ID tenant to associate your Kubernetes RBAC Cluster API authentication to.
```

   > :warning: The user or service principal initiating the deployment process _must_ have the following minimal set of Microsoft Entra ID permissions assigned:
   >

>    > * Microsoft Entra ID [User Administrator](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/role-based-access-control/permissions-reference#user-administrator-permissions) is _required_ to create a "break glass" AKS admin Microsoft Entra ID Security Group and User. Alternatively, you could get your Microsoft Entra ID admin to create this for you when instructed to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > * Microsoft Entra [User Administrator](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/identity/role-based-access-control/permissions-reference#user-administrator-permissions) is _required_ to create a "break glass" AKS admin Microsoft Entra security group and user. Alternatively, you could get your Microsoft Entra admin to create this for you when instructed to do so.
```

>    >   * If you are not part of the User Administrator group in the tenant associated to your Azure subscription, please consider [creating a new tenant](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/fundamentals/create-new-tenant#create-a-new-tenant-for-your-organization) to use while evaluating this implementation. The Microsoft Entra ID tenant backing your cluster's API RBAC does NOT need to be the same tenant associated with your Azure subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >   * If you are not part of the User Administrator group in the tenant associated to your Azure subscription, please consider [creating a new tenant](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/fundamentals/create-new-tenant#create-a-new-tenant-for-your-organization) to use while evaluating this implementation. The Microsoft Entra tenant backing your cluster's API RBAC does NOT need to be the same tenant associated with your Azure subscription.
```

> # Create Microsoft Entra ID Groups for AKS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create Microsoft Entra groups for AKS
```

   > * [Contributor role](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#contributor) is _required_ at the subscription level to have the ability to create resource groups and perform deployments.
   > * [User Access Administrator role](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#user-access-administrator) is _required_ at the subscription level since you'll be performing role assignments to managed identities across various resource groups.

> 1. **This step only applies if you are creating a new Enter ID group for this deployment. If you have one already existing and you are a part of it, you can skip this prerequisite, and the remaining steps in this page, move on to the next page by clicking on the link at the bottom**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **This step only applies if you are creating a new Microsoft Entra group for this deployment. If you have one already existing and you are a part of it, you can skip this prerequisite, and the remaining steps in this page, move on to the next page by clicking on the link at the bottom**.
```

Depending on the needs of your organization, you may have a choice of existing groups to use or a new groups may need to be created for each cluster deployment.  

Navigate to "/Scenarios/AKS-Secure-Baseline-PrivateCluster/Bicep/02-EID" folder

```azurecli
cd ./Scenarios/AKS-Secure-Baseline-PrivateCluster/Bicep/02-EID
```

> Use az cli or Az PowerShell to create the AD groups. Replace the Entra ID group names below with the name of the Enter ID groups you want to create eg AKS_ES_dev, AKS_ES_ops. There should be no space in the names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Azure CLI or Az PowerShell to create the Microsoft Entra groups. Replace the Microsoft Entra group names below with the name of the groups you want to create, such as AKS_ES_dev, AKS_ES_ops. There should be no space in the names.
```

# [CLI](#tab/CLI)

```azurecli
appdevs=<EID group name>
aksops=<EID group name>

az ad group create --display-name $appdevs --mail-nickname $appdevs
az ad group create --display-name $aksops --mail-nickname $aksops
```

# [PowerShell](#tab/PowerShell)

> Running the command to create the new EID groups requires the New-AzADGroup cmdlet. More details can be found [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/install-az-ps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the command to create the new Microsoft Entra groups requires the New-AzADGroup cmdlet. More details can be found [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/install-az-ps).
```

cd ./Scenarios/AKS-Secure-Baseline-PrivateCluster/Bicep/02-EID
```

> Use az cli or Az PowerShell to create the AD groups. Replace the Entra ID group names below with the name of the Entra ID groups you want to create eg AKS_ES_dev, AKS_ES_ops. There should be no space in the names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Azure CLI or Azure PowerShell to create the Microsoft Entra groups. Replace the Microsoft Entra group names below with the name of the Microsoft Entra groups you want to create, such as AKS_ES_dev, AKS_ES_ops. There should be no space in the names.
```

Install-Module -Name Az -Scope CurrentUser -Repository PSGallery -Force
```

Run the command below to create two new EID groups in your tenant. 

```azurepowershell
./ad_groups.ps1 -appdevs <App Dev Group> -aksops <AKS Operations Team>
```

## Ensure you are part of the EID group you just created or pointed to

> 1. Go to Azure portal and type Entra ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to Azure portal and type Microsoft Entra ID
```

> 2. Select **Azure Active Directory**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Microsoft Entra ID**
```
